['"Spotify is the best music app out there. I have tried many others but none of them have the breadth or depth that Spotify does with their catalog. 5stars😀"', '"This app has allowed me to explore music and opened up genres of music I would never listen to before.I also enjoy the daily mixes that have been provided"', '"Best streaming app out there worth the money. Google music is very good too but i fell for spoitify lol"', '"Good music app. Wish I could select which song I like in my playlists', ' instead of only shuffle."', '"I have the premium and it\'s great no ads and I can download as many songs as I want"', '"It\'s good that all I\'m a say"', '"Muito bom!!! serio recomendo"', '"So far so good"', '"Great app for music lovers but it\'s been very buggy lately when playing over Bluetooth or Spotify connect. In the car the track readout sometimes doesn\'t display due to the notification controls not opening and it\'s often failing to see other Spotify connect devices on the network such as a computer or Sonos speaker. Not huge bugs but they do make the app infuriating to use at times', ' especially when in the car when you don\'t want to be fiddling with the phone."', '"I have been using this app for a few years now and it is a good app. Until this recent update. Now I can\'t log in or get anything to work. I would very much like to listen to my music again so I would appreciate it if the Spotify team would fix the issues with this latest update. I know people who haven\'t updated the app and can still listen to their music', ' but this update appears to have some major issues on my Android phone. I will be happy to re-rate this with five stars when I can actually access the app again."', ' and I do all the time. As a premium member', ' I have access to all the music I could ever want', ' finding similar artists is quick and easy', ' and by following artists i like I get notifications about new music they release', " so I can always stay up to date with ease. And if that weren't enough", ' it even makes \\"daily mixes\\" for me every day as a great option if I dont know what to listen to at the moment or want to mix it up a little. Hands down one of the best apps I have."', '"As a premium member I feel that Spotify has been a worth while investment for myself. Music selection is great. There are few things I cannot find. Podcasts are even better', ' most of my podcast listening I do here. Being able to download content and listen to it when I\'m not connected is such a boon. The free version as you would expect is full of ads and pauses that are designed to make you pay for premium."', '"Spotify is DEFINITELY the best music app but', ' it could be improved. The ads say that you have 30 min free from ad interruption but unfortunately this is NOT true. Besides from the ads', ' this would be a 5 star app. It has all the new music and makes its own playlists aswell so that you dont have to do all the work😉 you should definitely download spotify"', '"I am not to sure who the issue is with. But I have an LG G6 phone and the music just randomly stops. So if I\'m working out or don\'t have the hands to press play again', " it's rather an inconvenience to use the app. I lovwle having amazing access to a ton of music bur if the app doesnt work", ' then it becomes useless. Hopefully whoever has the issue - spirit or the adroid system - can fix it."', '"Little bit buggy. Still have to \'polish\' it. For example - if you have incoming call during music play', " after call end the music doesn't start automatically. Doesn't work with Sennheiser Momentum in ear + USB type C to 3.5mm jack on Google Pixel 2 Overall I prefer it on top of YouTube Red", ' Google Music and rest similar apps"', '"Spotify is super easy to use', " the layout is intuitive so it's easy to browse and/or search. The music playlists and recommendations are quite good... maybe not what I want 100% of the time but better than any other app I've used. I pay for a subscription but to me", ' it\'s totally worth the investment if you have a huge love of non mainstream music especially. Totally recommend!"', '"It\'s been 4 years now that I\'ve had spotify premium and I could not be more impressed! Not only do I enjoy my music and my purchase comes out the same exact day every month', ' but when I have an issue', ' they are easy to contact not only on the phone but also through social media. They help me recover songs', ' recover playlists and are very easy to talk to. I love my subscription! Better than pandora and youtube red!"', '"Get Premium and never look back! I\'m been with these cats close to 10 years and haven\'t regretted it. The system is great for discovery', ' the selection is more diverse than toothpaste options at the supermarket and deeper than Bill Gates\' pockets. The app is easy to use and super fast too. You can control your pc/mac from your phone and share your fab playlist and tracks with ease. They only thing I could possibly do with is comments on tracks but that\'s a nice to have. Download it now!"', '"This app is my favorite app and the only app I pay to have. Premium is worth every penny the song selection and podcast selection are amazing. My only issue is customer service... If I need help with a glitch or any issues getting in touch with someone from the company is hard. The FAQ and community options are good but it cannot beat talking to a real person who can actually answer questions."', '"I love spotify and the overall variety and quality in the music is great! There are two issues for me personally. I know you can adjust the songs in the quene', ' I wish you could chabge tbe order in a playlist. It used to be a feature if i remember correctly. The other issue is that you should be able to use all of the features (gap less playback', ' equalizer and the music stream quality selection for better sound) on more than just the phone itself. I would also like to be able so use those same features when streaming to my surround sound receiver and synching to my chrome cast. This would make for a far better listening experience."', '"This is the best app for music. I have the family plan and it\'s such a great deal with the family members all being able to play what they want. Haven\'t yet found music I love that they don\'t have plus one been introduced to so much new music I\'d never discovered listening to the radio. This is WAYYYY better than pandora as it does all the same things yet also lets you create your own playlists. How pandora or radio only apps are still in business I have no idea. My one suggestion would be to improve the shuffle in my playlists as it doesn\'t get through the whole playlist before going back through songs it already played. Keep being awesome spotify."', ' my favorite music app. It plays the artists you start a radio on', " it will suggest new songs every week based on what you've been listening to", " and allows you to build your own perfect playlists. The one downfall is the amount of memory it takes up on my device. I don't have a large memory drive on my phone", " so I'm constantly consolidating my other apps to conserve memory. But", ' for all the good that the app has', ' and the frequency that I use it', " it's only a small issue. All in all", '"You iether pay or be stabbed to death by ads every 30 min. As you continue listening thorough the days', ' the will storm you with ads until you finally give in and decide to pay their monthly subscription. With that being said', ' their music selection is amazing', ' very complete. They offer equalizer on iPhone but lack of that and the same quality on Android."', '"Spotify has been my other half for many years. This amount of music at my fingertips is a music fan dream for a long time. Technology is a great tool to discover more', ' and broader. Thank you for such a great app and system. I hope sincerely the financial model will remain sustainable and impact more artists in the future. I miss a feature', ' to build music set', '"This is my favorite music streaming app. You can download your playlist for free so you do not have to use mobile data. I pay a $10 subscription for unlimited music. The variety of music genres is great as I listen to a lot of non-mainstream music. I highly recommend this app over iTunes or any other music streaming application. You can organize your playlist to your liking. I also really like the podcast that are available on this application. Spotify will also connect to your Google Maps when you have a address programmed into the GPS. This eliminates having to flip back and forth between applications"', '"Its a decent app but there is something that\'s brocken with it such as daily mix never loads (even after reinstall and deleting cache)', ' swiping for next song skips album art work and title so a song is actually different from what is shown and for 10 a month i would actually expect what is advertised to work as on my windows and mac machines they work perfectly. But the android app needs some work. Btw my phone is huawei p20 pro. Update: new version another issue still left still doesn\'t work factory reset phone and lost all of my games progress and still doesn\'t work. Do not buy premium membership it\'s a waste go with Google or itunes."', '"App is great overall. I\'ve been a premium user for years. My favorite features are the discover playlist and the ability to start song/artist/playlist radio. The sharing and collaborative playlists are also awesome. The reason for the low review is that there\'s a glitch (at least on Android) that makes it think you are offline', ' even when you are connected to internet. This basically takes the functionality back to an iPod in 2004 and makes it very hard to justify paying for premium. The glitch has been around for a while', ' and it\'s surprising that such a solid development team hasn\'t fixed it yet."', '"Best app I\'ve ever used! You get a discount if you\'re a student', " and also one a fam plan. We listen to music and podcasts almost EVERY day so it's important to have options. Seriously", ' \\u0026 Samsung Milk music. Never got into Pandora and once the others were gone- Spotify caught my attention', ' I was hooked! I still use Soundcloud a teensy bit for new mixes/indi stuff', ' but Spotify is the BEST OF ALL."', ' spotify is the only way to go. If people have competitor apps I show them thw error of their ways. Easy to use', ' I stream on twitch and this is the best way to get my playlists. The discover weekly playlist has also shown me more music than any radio', ' person or music app on the web. 10/10"', '"This app is great. The only thing that really bothers me is that unless you have Spotify premium', " you cant play songs of your choice with the click of a button. You can't rewind", ' put any on loop', ' and you have to listen to your playlist mixed up. There\'s also tons of ads. So I would say it\'s a good app. It\'s better than SoundCloud and any other music device I could think of because it actually has original music and it doesn\'t cost money."', '"i really enjoy the app as it give me access to all my favourite songs. my biggest issue though is how the app queues or treats songs in a queue. if i search for a song and just want to hear that song it will queue every song with the same name after. if i want to hear a song again i have to restart the song before it finishes or the song will disappear forever. i cannot have to albums play one after the other: it will play the first song of the first album', ' play the entire second album then only continue playing the first album. if ever i press the previous icon all the songs i have queued next will sometimes vanish or the album the first song is from will randomly start playing. the problems go on and on. finally can there be a recent tab or history tab so i can track the songs i just listened to or added to my library."', '"To be honest I downloaded this when Apple effectively locked me out of my account and told me I had to open a new one and lose all my paid for music. They would not replace the lost music files. They told me I could pay for Apple music instead...so I told them I would get Spotify instead and use their device to play Spotify on. Best thing I have done love the app to bits and best yet I get student discount and Apple doesn\'t see another penny off me. I have found some great music through its recommendations."']